yo what is up guys Jimmy and welcome to
my actual birthday vlog type update not
update my birthday little vlog summary
without when it was pretty good guys
it's pretty good you guys are absolutely
amazing on Twitter on Instagram I was
getting messages left right and center I
I was struggling to reply to them all so
thank you so much if you sent me a
message on twitter or instagram and but
yeah but firstly guys this might be
different for you this this is my new
vlogging camera is my new vlogging
camera imagine holding at a different
point as well because i got something
else with it so i'm gonna show you i'm
gonna show you the little box all right
this is the camera okay it's a power
shot canon something awesome cool thing
and it was from my girlfriend inna who
you've all met so you should know her
end with it inas parents got me this
which is the gorillapod magnetic thing
and basically it's magnetic and attaches
to things but i'm kind of using it as
like a selfie stick thing right now but
it's got like three legs it attaches to
anything oh my god it's so good is so
helpful but i'm just trying out my new
camera um i had a great birthday um I
went to work I went to my football
awards evening I got I got a humiliating
award to be fair all right i'm going to
show you the reward I got okay you ready
for it guys you ready yeah you're just
looking at one thing now i'm going to
zoom in see if it focuses
yeah that's right own gold of the season
it's my last name verse and a team we
played basically the ball came into the
box as a corner was taken ghanta Claire
at first time BAM off the side of my
foot into the back of our net worldly
over the keeper it was just awful guys I
couldn't believe Abu but if you get a
trophy before I'd do it again do it
again and basically we will have two
photos at the start of the season and my
cuz my wife gained about the manager I'm
my best friend Tim he he put together
something awesome right you guys are
gonna hang you i'm gonna has so many
weird comments down down there but we
took photos we took professional photos
right sizes and so Tim decided for my
birthday put them in Metro Tech's and
longer much tax are my am with my like
stats for the season so you can see it
so we've got me as match attax yeah is
all my stats as well um but yeah pretty
crazy i'm a shiny have a shiny and i'm
worth i'm worth 19 million cuz i'm i'm
19 years old so i got that okay i got
those it was going cool energy as well
got an upstart my Freddie got me from
stark as an action figure I've got the
dinner if you can see him up there on
top of my wardrobe I've got Jon Snow
he's already up there um but now I've
got rock star King in the north wait for
it gang out that door cheer better cool
stuff I got some more stuff okay I got
an Avengers wallet I got a captain
america on if you do follow me on
instagram you're gonna see all of this
but in a vlog as well so I got a little
no wallet it's gonna be moving around a
little bit got all my stuff in it I got
if you don't know I'm a big collector of
mugs
love mugs for some reason look at this
captain america mug I don't freak out of
them I just keep them I'm pretty yeah
weird like that and I got an awesome
t-shirt as well i'll show you like the
front of it but is so cool usually that
never so i got that ok and i was like
i'm getting so much good stuff um I'm
over the moon right now okay and I go to
my friend's house Tim's who gave me that
the match tags of myself and I was at
awaiting a surprise so unbelievable and
if you follow me on instagram again you
would have seen this but my friend Laura
Tim's wife have made me this glossy of
myself plenty of myself look at this
unless you got flushy of myself uh this
is absolutely amazing i love it so much
it's just going to go onto my shelf oh
we've got many Jimmy now we've got a
bigger bigger version of mini Jimmy it's
not there's so much more but yeah I've
had an awesome birthday just checking
them on you guys how you guys doing
leave me in the comments down below and
how you doing oh yeah thank you for an
awesome birthday and all your messages
just wanted to try out my new camera and
show you the stuff I got so far my
friends are some of my friends are like
my my presents coming to Neal be here
soon so I'm I'm cool with that I'm cool
with that but yeah you guys enjoyed do
leave a like for the lovely birthday
blog and just chill subscribe if you're
not find any more action coming we catch
you next time ciao